SUMMARY<br>
Multi-functional discovery robot is a rover designed for assembling together specific data under uncertain circumstances. The goal of this project is commonly to get live broadcasting from the rover. Therefore the multi-functional discovery robot can serve several purposes depending on the user’s problem.<br>
A camera module is established on the rover for the live-broadcast, besides the DHT11 and BMP180 sensor modules which collect the temperature, humidity and pressure information. Arduino-YÚN is the power supply for these modules. Another function of Arduino-YÚN is to convert the analog data into digital outputs. It is the commanding center of the rover itself, including to this Arduino-YÚN is the bridge between the user and the rover.<br>
With the control panel users are able to control and command the rover as they wish, regarding to their problem. All needed is a network connection between the rover and its master. Collected data flows through charts which are attached to the control panel. There are several features can be applied to the original prototype. Mainly a web server, for example; a Banana Pro. Banana-Pro takes part in hosting a web server. It is simply a single-board computer. Arduino- YÚN connects to this server and sends the data collected to the server.<br>
The data collected from the rover are uploaded to the Banana Pro. Consequently; users can reach these data, held on the server using the control panel via web or even through an iOS application.<br>
